---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3 Performing WODs Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-09-18
published: true
---
<h1>Browser History 6</h1>
	
The hardest part for me was understanding how I can use buttons to display to another webpage and using onmouse over to display the image. After looking at the solution video, I realized the correct format of javascript that can transfer me to another webpage and display images. It took me a really long time to try and process the code. I knew how onclick attributes and onmouse over attributes worked however, i kept messing up with the quotations. It got really frustrating seeing one really long line of code so I actually decided to use functions with the on mouseover and on click attributes to clean it up. It wasn’t something we learned in class yet however, I decided to implement it from the youtube tutorials that I found.  It took me a while to understand how functions work and the different object properties associated with it but in the end, I managed to make it work.

<h1>Smart Phone Products 1</h1>
	
This was probably my favorite WOD so far since the lab assignments that we did in class really helped me on how to approach the problems. I would say for this part that knowing how to use find and replace really helps your efficiency. This was also very helpful in understanding that I can move my variables into a javascript file so it can clean up my code. 

<h1>Invoice 1</h1>

With invoice 1 it was an overall combination of using javascript to create tables. Although this was an especially challenging WOD for me, as I had to watch some parts of how the professor approached the problem, I had a lot of fun with it. I would say what really helped me as well with fully understanding is the lecture videos that the professor gave. I realized that I can use string templates to call javascript variables to insert them into my table and we also had some practice from class and labs. For the longest time during my first approach, I had used single quotes instead of backticks. This made 

<h1>Conclusion</h1>
During my experiences with the WOD’s so far, there have been some challenging moments especially in invoice 1. Getting familiar with java script syntax was something that I had to keep practicing everyday. Compared to the first 3 WOD’s, I had a better understanding of what to do since I learned a little bit of CSS in my ics101 class. However, with javascript everything was relatively new and what helped me was practicing on my own. Most of my time spent on my own was watching a youtube video on an introduction of JavaScript. As the WOD’s definitely helped with my problem solving skills and working efficiently, I wouldn’t have been able to even start them if I did not really have a solid foundation on the basics of Javascript such as using operators, tables, and string templates . 

My next time around approaching the WOD’s I could definitely do better in taking less time looking at the professors' help. The beautiful thing about writing code is that there is no single way to end up with a definite answer. Everyone can have their own way of reaching a solution, although some are more efficient than others. The best practice is to really try your way of solving the solution first. If you don't know where to start, I feel that it is okay to try and look at how others approach the problem, however It is bad practice to just copy everything and memorize the approach. It is important to really understand the code and maybe fiddle around with the values to see what you could do differently. When you're done ask yourself, how can you apply all the materials you just learned? Why is this useful?  
